[Docs] Improve explanation of representers (#157)
exercism/v3: docs/features-of-v3.md

## Representers

> One of the problems faced by the Exercism community is how to provide meaningful feedback to many people providing many solutions to many different exercises. To help reduce the scope of this potentially enormous task, solutions are normalized into "representations". For example, out of the most recent 500 submissions to the TwoFer exercise on the Ruby track, about 380 of them would be considered unique (if you normalize for trivial things like code formatting and comments). If you normalise them even further (by normalizing things like function or variable names), that number gets even smaller, so there might be only 250 unique approaches. If the Exercism community can provide some feedback on those 250 approaches, then hope is that we will have valid feedback prepared for ~99% of all future submissions for TwoFer. With the Concept Exercises the solution space will be even smaller because Concepts Exercises will be deliberately designed to solved in a specific way.

Reviewer: Two types (forgotten verb and unified version of how to write "normalize")
```suggestion
One of the problems faced by the Exercism community is how to provide meaningful feedback to many people providing many solutions to many different exercises. To help reduce the scope of this potentially enormous task, solutions are normalized into "representations". For example, out of the most recent 500 submissions to the TwoFer exercise on the Ruby track, about 380 of them would be considered unique (if you normalize for trivial things like code formatting and comments). If you normalize them even further (by normalizing things like function or variable names), that number gets even smaller, so there might be only 250 unique approaches. If the Exercism community can provide some feedback on those 250 approaches, then hope is that we will have valid feedback prepared for ~99% of all future submissions for TwoFer. With the Concept Exercises the solution space will be even smaller because Concepts Exercises will be deliberately designed to be solved in a specific way.
```

> A _representer_ is a bit of code that has the single responsibility of taking a solution and returning a normalized representation of it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A _representer_ is a program that has the responsibility of taking a solution and returning a normalized representation of it. 
```
